OSDOCS 10788 :Updated oc-mirror v2 docs for 4.18 release. (#88188)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-troubleshooting-v2.adoc

====
When errors occur while mirroring release or release component images, they are critical. This stops the mirroring process immediately.

> Errors with mirroring Operators, Operator-related images, or additional images do not stop the mirroring process. Mirroring continues, and oc-mirror plugin v2 saves a file containing which operator failed to mirror.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors with mirroring Operators, Operator-related images, or additional images do not stop the mirroring process. Mirroring continues, and oc-mirror plugin v2 saves a file (under the `working-dir/logs`)containing which operator failed to mirror.
```

> Errors with mirroring Operators, Operator-related images, or additional images do not stop the mirroring process. Mirroring continues, and oc-mirror plugin v2 saves a file, under the `working-dir/logs`, containing which operator failed to mirror.

Reviewer 2: @aguidirh hope we could keep the sentence as it is for now ?

> Errors with mirroring Operators, Operator-related images, or additional images do not stop the mirroring process. Mirroring continues, and oc-mirror plugin v2 saves a file, under the `working-dir/logs`, containing which operator failed to mirror.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Errors with mirroring Operators, Operator-related images, or additional images do not stop the mirroring process. Mirroring continues, and oc-mirror plugin v2 saves a file under the `working-dir/logs` directory describing which Operator failed to mirror.
```
